This paper discusses the methods and strategies to ensure the quality of the office automation system. The aim of the system is to provide automation good support for routine office activities of the company. Including attendance, work logs provide for all staff of the submission and management, office supplies, personnel requirements for application, provide office supplies procurement, approval, distribution and management function for the administrative department, personnel department personnel to provide auditing, recruitment information release and other functions. About that system of quality assurance, we expected to take the following measures, take the whole process of quality management in the process of software development, around the 6 quality factors of software, constraint file form the software development team, develop the quality of theme in different roles, so as to achieve the controllability of the software quality.
First, the demand analysis stage, through pair analysis and needs assessment to ensure the quality of requirement analysis.
The demand analysis of the quality is good, determines the subsequent every working link can make the direction. Office automation system users generally have better based on computer, so we set pair analysis methods, in order to improve the efficiency and quality of requirement analysis.
On the basis of pair analysis, we must strengthen the needs assessment. Needs assessment is divided into three levels: the global review. This review is essential, it is to grasp the correct direction of software system implementation. The local review. The main task is to the business layer business processes related to confirm again. Need to correct departments user requirements inconsistency problem. The internal review. Analysis of the development staff, staff involved in. The task is to clarify some vague requirements.
In the requirements phase, but also other measures to ensure the quality of demand analysis, demand analysis tools such as emphasizing the use of.
Second, system design, coding phase, emphasis on discipline and norms
Design and programming quality has a direct effect on the quality of software products. At this stage, we mainly adopt the measures is the emphasis on discipline and regulations, formulate corresponding constraint specification documents, design requirements traceability, emphasizes the design, development process standardization.
Finally, emphasizes the implementation and testing of synchronous software defect management, strengthening
Testing is to ensure that a link is an important software quality. According to some members of the development team to test consciousness is not strong, the project group targeted for training; emphasize the synchronous test and design, synchronous design test case and the function code; unit test, integration test time.
All test problems, the meeting was summarized; the communication within the team, sharing the defects have been exposed to solutions, let the project team sharing, avoid repeated construction; project team has its own knowledge base, as an important resource for design reuse.
In addition to attach great importance to the implementation phase of the test, should also actively to the prevention and control of quality problem, find out the frequency of use high code and key performance optimization. Identify performance bottlenecks, formulate the corresponding strategy optimization.

